Panza G versus m4a3 sherman the common
matchup in most games the Panda G has a
better gun and it is cheaper but the
Sherman sports better infantry support
machine guns and better armor with also
a frontal slug
at maximum range the Panzer G actually
has a better chance of taking out the
Sherman
you can keep your panda G at 120 range
you'll be able to kill the show and
where the Sherman will struggle to
penetrate you the reason for this is the
penetration of the 75 millimeter on the
Panzer G can penetrate the Sherman's
armor of 52 in the non sloped areas
whereas the m4a3 sherman has 46
penetration at 120 range this cannot
really penetrate the Panzer G's 50 armor
at maximum range he can see the m4a3
sherman tried to penetrate the Panzer G
at maximum range you can see it has a
yellow penetration stat on it this means
it probably won't be able to penetrate
and again you see the Panzer G taking
out the m4a3 sherman make note that you
need to aim at the weak part of the
Sherman which is just below the turret
and the hull where it's flat and also at
the very bottom of the hole where it's
flat this is 52 millimeters of armor if
you aim at the angled parts it
accentuate the armor so you don't do
that at maximum range the G stands a
better chance if you aim at the right
locations
in an actual real-time 1v1 battle
between these tanks it's actually quite
hard to stay at maximum range and this
is where the Sherman is better at closer
range the Sherman can take energy more
then the G can take out the Sherman the
reason is of the angle Dharma because
the Panther G has flat um all around
once the Sherman gets to about 110 range
you can pretty much successfully
penetrated most shots whereas the
Panther G might get a bouncy shot onto
the angled armor of the Sherman if the
Panther G does hit the unanchored one of
course it would get destroyed as at
maximum range but it needs to hit the
right spot for it to penetrate whereas
under 110 range the Sherman can hit
anywhere on to the GS armor and it has a
higher chance of penetrating then the
depends of G does these are the stats of
the Sherman you can see at 120 range the
penetration of 46 is insufficient to
penetrate the Panzer G you can also see
that this tank sports in a a 50 Cal a
whole 30 Cal and a coaxial 30 cow this
tank is much better at infantry support
and killing infantry then the Panzer G
this tank also sports sloped frontal
armor this has a chance of bouncing some
AP shells it also increases the
millimeters of armor the weak spots
between the turret and at the bottom of
the hull where it's flat
these are the statistics of the panzer 4
G you can see its body is 50 in the
front side 30 and the rear 20 this is
very susceptible to even the 40
millimeter AAA guns and at closer range
the Sherman can quite easily penetrate
the flat frontal armor but the gun is a
standout that 120 range it has 75
millimeters of penetration it can pretty
much take out most of the medium to
medium late tanks such as Sherman's 76 5
5 etc so this tank isn't I would say
more of a 50/50 type tank where you want
to take out a bigger tank but you're
risking yourself as well
so which tank dawai prefer I prefer the
Sherman even though the G can take it
out at maximum range where the Sherman
will struggle most of the battles will
appear in closer range where the Sherman
has a better chance of hitting the right
armor of the G the Sherman is also less
susceptible to other weapons as the G as
its side armor is very weak and you can
even flank it quite easily with other
types of tanks the Sherman also has
better infantry support weapons so I can
basically push up with the Sherman and
infantry and machine gunners on that
Chairman will be blazing away killing
units even behind the sandbags because
of the effectiveness of the 50 Cal but
with that being said the G is still an
awesome tank which has a superb gun
which can kill tanks which are more
expensive than itself but is it is a bit
risky and more susceptible than the
Sherman my pick is the Sherman